This software was downloaded from
   http://www.gatsby.ucl.ac.uk/~zoubin/software.html
with permission of the author.


This software was written by 

Zoubin Ghahramani
Dept of Computer Science
University of Toronto
zoubin@cs.toronto.edu

This software is written in Matlab 4.2c and should run on all platforms
supporting this version of Matlab. Matlab is a commercial software
package available from The MathWorks (http://www.mathworks.com/). 

This software is meant for free non-commercial use and distribution. See the
copyright notice at the bottom of this page.

If you use it, please refer to the accompanying technical report: 

Ghahramani, Z. and Hinton, G.E. (1996) The EM Algorithm for Mixtures
of Factor Analyzers. University of Toronto Technical Report CRG-TR-96-1. 
Available at ftp://ftp.cs.toronto.edu/pub/zoubin/tr-96-1.ps.gz  

If you find bugs, or would like to see if I've implemented any
extensions, please send me email at zoubin@cs.toronto.edu. The
software is provided "as is", and I cannot guarantee I will be able
to fix all problems or answer all inquiries. 

See mfademo.m for a demo.

Hope you find it useful. Please send me email if you find it useful
and I will put you on a mailing list announcing releases of other
statistical machine learning software in Matlab.


----------------------------------------------------------------------
	Copyright (c) 1996 by Zoubin Ghahramani
                Toronto, Ontario, Canada. 
                   All Rights Reserved 

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
documentation for non-commercial purposes only is hereby granted
without fee, provided that the above copyright notice appears in all
copies and that both the copyright notice and this permission notice
appear in supporting documentation, and that my name not be used in
advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the software
without specific, written prior permission. I make no representations
about the suitability of this software for any purpose. It is provided
"as is" without express or implied warranty.

I disclaim all warranties with regard to this software, including all
implied warranties of merchantability and fitness. In no event shall I
be liable for any special, indirect or consequential damages or any
damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data or profits,
whether in an action of contract, negligence or other tortious action,
arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of this
software.

Zoubin Ghahramani					 Dec 17, 1996
